First release (#5)
nf-core/crisprseq: docs/usage.md

```bash
--input '[path to samplesheet file]'
```

### Multiple runs of the same sample

The `sample` identifiers have to be the same when you have re-sequenced the same sample more than once e.g. to increase sequencing depth. The pipeline will concatenate the raw reads before performing any downstream analysis. Below is an example for the same sample sequenced across 3 lanes _(see section below for an explanation of samplesheet columns)_:

```console
sample,fastq_1,fastq_2,reference,protospacer,template
CONTROL_REP1,AEG588A1_S1_L002_R1_001.fastq.gz,AEG588A1_S1_L002_R2_001.fastq.gz,GCT...CCT,GGGGCCACTAGGGACAGGAT,
CONTROL_REP1,AEG588A1_S1_L003_R1_001.fastq.gz,AEG588A1_S1_L003_R2_001.fastq.gz,GCT...CCT,GGGGCCACTAGGGACAGGAT,
CONTROL_REP1,AEG588A1_S1_L004_R1_001.fastq.gz,AEG588A1_S1_L004_R2_001.fastq.gz,GCT...CCT,GGGGCCACTAGGGACAGGAT,
```

### Full samplesheet

The pipeline will auto-detect whether a sample is single- or paired-end using the information provided in the samplesheet. The samplesheet can have as many columns as you desire, however, there is a strict requirement for the first 6 columns to match those defined in the table below.

> A final samplesheet file consisting of both single- and paired-end data may look something like the one below. This is for 3 samples, where `chr6` is single-end and has a template sequence _(this is a reduced samplesheet, please refer to the pipeline example saplesheet to see the full version)_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A final samplesheet file consisting of both single- and paired-end data may look something like the one below. This is for 3 samples, where `chr6` is single-end and has a template sequence _(this is a reduced samplesheet, please refer to the [pipeline example saplesheet](Add link to it here) to see the full version)_.
```

| `fastq_1`     | Full path to FastQ file for Illumina short reads 1. File has to be gzipped and have the extension ".fastq.gz" or ".fq.gz".                                                             |
| `fastq_2`     | Full path to FastQ file for Illumina short reads 2. File has to be gzipped and have the extension ".fastq.gz" or ".fq.gz".                                                             |
| `reference`   | Reference sequence of the target region.                                                                                                                                               |
| `protospacer` | Sequence of the protospacer used for CRISPR editing. Must not includ the PAM.                                                                                                          |
| `template`    | Sequence of the template used in templet-based editing experiments.                                                                                                                    |

> An [example samplesheet](https://nf-co.re/crisprseq/dev/assets/samplesheet.csv) has been provided with the pipeline.

Reviewer: Needs to be changed to the release version.

Tip: you can replicate the issue by changing to the process work dir and entering the command `bash .command.run`
```

#### For beginners

> A first step to bypass this error, you could try to increase the amount of CPUs, memory, and time for the whole pipeline. Therefor you can try to increase the resource for the parameters `--max_cpus`, `--max_memory`, and `--max_time`. Based on the error above, you have to increase the amount of memory. Therefore you can go to the [parameter documentation of rnaseq](https://nf-co.re/rnaseq/3.9/parameters) and scroll down to the `show hidden parameter` button to get the default value for `--max_memory`. In this case 128GB, you than can try to run your pipeline again with `--max_memory 200GB -resume` to skip all process, that were already calculated. If you can not increase the resource of the complete pipeline, you can try to adapt the resource for a single process as mentioned below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A first step to bypass this error, you could try to increase the amount of CPUs, memory, and time for the whole pipeline. Therefor you can try to increase the resource for the parameters `--max_cpus`, `--max_memory`, and `--max_time`. Based on the error above, you have to increase the amount of memory. Therefore you can go to the [parameter documentation of crisprseq](https://nf-co.re/rnaseq/1.0.0/parameters) and scroll down to the `show hidden parameter` button to get the default value for `--max_memory`. In this case 128GB, you than can try to run your pipeline again with `--max_memory 200GB -resume` to skip all process, that were already calculated. If you can not increase the resource of the complete pipeline, you can try to adapt the resource for a single process as mentioned below.
```
